[DOCS] Separate "user lookup" into its own doc (#88533)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authorization/run-as-privilege.asciidoc

`run_as` user::
--

> {es} supports `run_as` for any user that can be retrieved via
> <<user-lookup,user lookup from a realm>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{es} supports `run_as` for any realm that supports user lookup.
```

> Not all realms support user lookup - please check the list of supported realms
> and ensure that the realm you wish to use is configured in a manner that
> supports user lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all realms support user lookup. Refer to the list of <<user-lookup,supported realms>>
and ensure that the realm you wish to use is configured in a manner that
supports user lookup.
```
